Shadnagar is a suburb in southern Hyderabad, about 50 kilometers from the city of Hyderabad. The availability of reasonably priced housing options, well-planned infrastructure, and connectivity are influencing real estate market growth in this area.

Employment Hubs: Shadnagar's proximity to the industrial estates of Balanagar, Kothur, and Kondurg makes it an excellent residential destination. Kothur is about 12 kilometers away, and Kondurg is around 20 kilometers from Shadnagar. The proximity of these employment centers and its excellent connectivity drive the real estate industry in this region. Despite its proximity to educational establishments and IT parks, the neighborhood offers a peaceful environment for families. Shadnagar offers social and retail facilities so its residents can lead comfortable lives.

Educational Institutes: Shadnagar has many schools, like Shadnagar English Medium High School, Delhi World School, Oxford High School, Tagore High School, Sri Satya Sai High School, Montessori High School, and many more. Some of the major colleges in the region are Svp Degree College, Vivekananda Degree College, Sri BAM Degree College, Sri Sai Paramedical College, Sri Medha Polytechnic and Engineering Residency Academy, etc.

Health Care: The communities in Shadnagar have various hospitals and clinics to serve the medical needs of people. For example, Vijayajyothi multispecialty hospital, Sevalal Hospital, Krithika Hospital, Salvas Multispeciality Hospital, SR Multispeciality Hospital, and Amrutha Children Hospital, among others.

Upcoming Developments: Aside from the rising popularity of Shadnagar among developers, numerous projects are underway in the vicinity to improve the architecture and ambiance. A few examples include an 800-acre forest reserve near Kammadanam (to expand the Zoo to 200 acres) and Microsoft Data Centers planned for Mekhaguda, Ellicatta village (Parigi road), and Chevella road (near Chendanavalli), with 22, 41, and 52, acres respectively by 2025. Amazon also announced a 33-acre data center in Chendanavalli.

Shadnagar is home to ISRO's 350-acre research facility, National Remote Sensing Station (NRSS). The center's primary goal is to create remote sensing applications and technologies for national development. It began modestly and has grown in stature to become one of its kind globally. ISRO has had the capability to construct and launch its satellites almost since its inception

. Elite Residency
Developed by – Abhhiraman Developers

Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) Approved Layout

Spread across 10 acres

The project comprises 147 units of 3 BHK format.

Area – 3 BHK flat (2150 sq. ft.)

Price – Rs. 1.75 Cr to Rs. 1.80 Cr

The project includes amenities like park and vaastu compliance.


Rajs City
Developed by – Future Tech Nirman Private Limited

HMDA Approved

Spanning 35 acres

The gated community is divided into 388 plots

Price – Rs. 4.0 Lac to Rs. 80.0 Lac

The project includes amenities like a park, clubhouse, rainwater harvesting, security, swimming pool, water treatment plant, and water storage.

Rajs City, premium gated community villa plots in Shadnagar

3. Sree Maruthinagar Sandal Tree Plantation Plots
Developed by – Rainbow Developers and Agro Farms

DTCP approved

Spread across 35 acres

Size – seven layouts available, 1530 sq. ft., 1800 sq. ft., 1980 sq. ft., 2250 sq. ft., 2700 sq. ft., 3150 sq. ft., and 3600 sq. ft.

Price – Rs. 11.9 Lac to Rs. 28.0 Lac.

The project includes amenities like security, clubhouse, vaastu compliance, jogging, and strolling track, kids play 